Document file-first promptless.yaml configuration (#595)
Promptless/docs: src/content/docs/docs/configuring-promptless/doc-collections/git-hub-repos-docs-as-code.mdx

3. **Automatic PRs**: When documentation updates are needed, Promptless creates pull requests in your docs repo
4. **Platform Sync**: Your documentation platform automatically syncs changes from GitHub

## Configuration

> After setting up the GitHub integration, you'll configure your doc collections in the [Configuration page](https://app.gopromptless.ai/configuration). Doc collections are defined in the `doc_collections` section of your `promptless.yaml` file, keyed by repository name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting up the GitHub integration, you can configure your doc collections in the [Configuration page](https://app.gopromptless.ai/configuration). Doc collections are defined in the `doc_collections` section of your `promptless.yaml` file, keyed by repository name:
```

Reviewer: Avoid "will" globally. Maintain present tense. Add to the knowledge base.

```yaml
doc_collections:
  acme/documentation:
    docs_framework: docusaurus
    docs_root_url: https://docs.acme.com
    filter:
      - docs/
```

Triggers that initiate documentation updates are configured separately in the `triggers` section. See the [Configuration Reference](/docs/configuring-promptless/configuration-reference) for the complete schema.

> ## Auto-publish Mode

Reviewer: @promptless reframe this as automatic PR creation, not auto-publishing. "Publish" has a very specific meaning for documentation.
